Explained why we use agoric install rather than npm. (#226)
Agoric/documentation: main/getting-started/agoric-cli-guide.md

## Agoric CLI

You use the Agoric CLI to install dependencies, initialize, deploy, and start Agoric projects. This Guide has two parts:

> 1. [Starting Multiuser Daps](#starting-multiuser-dapps): How to use the Agoric CLI to deploy and start a local-chain-multiuser scenario, for development and and testing of multiuser Dapps

Reviewer: typo: "Daps" in anchor text to "Dapps".

#### `agoric install`
- **Function**:
  - Install Dapp JavaScript dependencies. This may take a while. You use this instead of established npm install tools.
  The reason is that there is both an SDK and npm mode. Currently we only support SDK mode, which allows you to link your Dapp 

>   against the SDK dependencies. This lets you to modify the SDK without having to publish it to npm.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  against the SDK dependencies. This lets you modify any package in the SDK and see the changes without having to register all those packages with Yarn or NPM.
```
